# Core Team Meeting 2018-10-03 19:00

## Attendees
# Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Anton Nikitin

# Apologies
- Alistair Lynn
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski

## Agenda
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018
2. Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Competition venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Book Kickstart venues
	3. Kit status (Peter)
	4. Teams Recruitment (Jake)
	5. Volunteer Recruitment (Andy B-S)
	6. SR2019 Game (Alistair)
3. AOB
	1. Future meeting times

## Minutes
1.
2.
	1. No update from SUSU. Other southampton people will try to help Kajetan chase them down.
	2. Southampton is booked, need to check if labs available but computer room if not. Peter will confirm the London details with reception.
	3. If possible it would be useful to test kit this weekend. Anton will ask for possible lab/equipment access. Peter will review the kit docs.
	4. Teams need to be given confirmation as soon as possible. The core team will review this next meeting if SUSU is still yet to be booked. Jake will analyse the assumptions survey and draw up some conclusions.
	5. Andy BS will email volunteers, and open a discussion on how to recruit and handle mentors.
	6. N/A (Alistair absent)
3.
	1. Meetings will remain on Wednesdays unless the poll availability changes.

## Action Points

### General
- Other southampton people will try to help Kajetan chase SUSU down regarding competition booking.

### Specific
- Peter will confirm the London kickstart details with reception.
- Peter will review the kit docs.
- Anton will ask for possible lab/equipment access for testing.
- Andy BS will email volunteers, and open a discussion on how to recruit and handle mentors.
- Jake will analyse the assumptions survey and draw up some conclusions.
