# Core Team Meeting 2018-10-16 18:00

## Attendees
### Present
- Antoine Petty
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
### Apologies
- Alistair Lynn
- Anton Nikitin
- Dan Trickey

## Agenda
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018/YYYY-MM-DD.md
2. Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Competition venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Kickstart
	3. Kit status (Peter)
	4. Teams Recruitment (Jake)
	5. SR2019 Game (Alistair)
3. AOB
	1. Safeguarding policy update from trustees
	2. October Monthly Report - in slack
	3. Trustee minutes
	4. Means testing

## Minutes
1. Minutes to be reviewed in relevant pull request on GitHub
2.
	1. Kajetan has sent follow-up emails, and gone to SUSU in person. The events officer is currently working through a backlog of emails. If we still haven't had confimration by the next core team meeting we may need to look into other venues (i.e. a school). SUSU has still not been paid for Smallpeice 2018 but this is likely unrelated. We are booking SUSU as a "group including southampton students" rather than an external entity at this stage. Prices may vary depending on our status, and we may get a charity reduction.
	2. Core team minutes is the wrong place to assign people to kickstart issues. Jake will create a tasks repo for this purpose. Andy BS will look into better ways to delegate tasks to volunteers, as some may not be familiar with github issues. Peter is happy to help label tasks as nice-to-have etc. Jake and Andy BS will allocate the London-requesting schools their kickstart location geographically. Kajetan will look into ECS Labs booking for kickstart. It would be useful to make kickstart presentation recordings.
	3. The remaining kit to be tested is the power and motorboards. Rich offered testing equipment which Andy Busse will collect. Mountbatten is out of use this weekend and storage would be difficult. Tyler would need a plan of which boxes to collect by Thursday evening. Tablets are not necessary so will not be shipped. Ideally we will ship kits to teams unable to attend kickstart the week of kickstart.
	4. We are at 35/36 teams. Survey responses indicate that it is possible to not provide a budget.
	5. The sooner the floor is open for suggestions, the better.
3.
	1. Hypothetical test cases can be put forward to the trustees.
	2. Draft has been posted and reviewed. Andy Busse will send the final version tomorrow.
	3. The trustees meet every few weeks and their minutes seem to be up-to-date.
	4. We should look into the possibility of means-tested grants etc.

## Action Points
### General
### Specific
- Jake will create a tasks repo instead of using core team minutes.
- Andy BS will look into better ways to delegate tasks to volunteers.
- Peter will help label tasks as nice-to-have etc.
- Jake and Andy BS will allocate the London-requesting schools their kickstart location geographically.
- Kajetan will look into ECS Labs booking for kickstart.
- Andy Busse will collect Rich's testing equipment.
- If kit testing this weekend, Peter will send Tyler a plan of which boxes to collect by Thursday evening.
- Andy Busse will send the monthly report tomorrow.
