# Core Team Meeting 2018-12-05 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward
- Alistair Lynn
- Anton Nikitin
### Apologies
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues 
	1. Competition venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Kickstart wash-up (Issues)
	3. Create a draft budget (Alistair)
	4. Tech Days - book in for January/February now
	5. Game Rules
	6. Retro for core team function
2. AOB 
	1. Spare Kit
	2. New organization documents
	3. Monthly Report

## Minutes
1. 	
	1. No progress, Tyler will try to contact SUSU.
	2. Andy BS will create a feedback form to send to teams. Kit packing materials have been ordered, Andy BS will sort postage labels and contact Diane about UPS commercial options. Tyler will direct kit packing.
	3. Recent costs will be added to the spreadsheet which Peter will help to transpose to Github repository.
	4. Southampton is mostly booked for the December tech day, Anton will contact labs about switching the date to the 15th. London would be easy to book with a few days notice but there may not be enough interest to justify running a December day. Teams will be contacted with the Southampton date and asked to register interest for a possible London day.
	5. Alistair will sweep the forums and clarify rule queries.
	6. Peter will put together some prompts for people to respond to.
2.
	1. There is a potentially interested school and a spare kit, Tyler and Jake will discuss options for the spare kit.
	2. The Ops manual Version 5 has been released with conflicting child protection policy removed. Volunteers interacting with teams need to read the Code of Conduct. 
	3. Andy Busse will send out the report on Saturday, reviews are welcomed on Slack in the meantime.

## Action Points
### General
- Teams will be contacted with the Southampton Tech day date and asked to register interest for a possible London day.
- Volunteers interacting with teams need to read the Code of Conduct. 
### Specific
- Tyler will try to contact SUSU about venue booking.
- Andy BS will create a kickstart feedback form to send to teams.
- Andy BS will sort postage labels and contact Diane about UPS commercial options. 
- Tyler will direct kit packing.
- Peter will help to transpose the budget to Github repository
- Anton will contact labs about switching the Southampton Tech day to the 15th.
- Alistair will sweep the forums and clarify rule queries.
- Andy Busse will send out the monthly report on Saturday, 
- Tyler and Jake will discuss options for the spare kit.
- Peter will put together some core team retro prompts for people to respond to.
