# Core Team Meeting 2018-11-13 18:00

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Dan Trickey
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Anton Nikitin
### Apologies
- Jake Howard

## Agenda
1. Key Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues 
	1. Kickstart wash-up (Issues) 
	2. Arrangements for mentoring post-kickstart (Andy B-S, Jake)
	3. Create a draft budget (Alistair) 
	4. Competition venue booking (Kajetan) 
	5. Tech Days - book in for January/February now
	6. Proposal for “dev team”
	7. Team budgets
	8. Retro for kickstart+packing
2. AOB 
	1. Meetings to become fortnightly from 13th November onwards?

## Minutes
1. 
	1. The rules are on track to be shipped, and the forum turned on tonight. The flag mounting will be given to competitors (either with the kit or through mentors) and strongly recommended in the docs. The boxes need to be slighly larger to accomodate the markers properly.
	2. Arrangements for mentoring timeslots will be integrated into the rule email announcement, though so far only one person has officially signed up to be a mentor. Tech day dates and locations are needed but can be easily booked in Southampton, and need not be the same as the London ones.
	3. The full budget cannot be created without the venue booking, but Alistair will draw up a budget containing other expenditure and calculate the upper bound of the venue allowance.
	4. Kajetan has gone in person again but SUSU do not seem to be making any progress on the booking, he will ask Joyce for help and Andy BS will look at contacting the Publicity Officer. As we have less teams than originally considered, we can revisit alternative options that would not have been possible before. Kajetan will update the venue requirement spreadsheet and have a look at these other options.
	5. Southampton 25 can be booked very easily when we have a suggested date, it should also be fairly easy to get a quick response from Dave Oakley about booking the electronics lab. At the next meeting we will discuss proposed dates.
	6. Preliminary discussions about a possible longer-term group of SR members to focus on development have been taking place, and Andy Busse will now draft out a more detailed proposal to give to the trustees.
	7. Generally Team Budgets are not being allocated this year, any teams contacting the core team about funding hardship should be directed to Alistair. Peter will check the docs and website for any remaining references to budgets and remove them.
	8. Peter will organise a physical meet to discuss this, with video chat potential for remote members.
2. 
	1. Apart from the next meeting on Wednesday 21st November (18:30), meetings will move to fortnightly slots.

## Action Points
### General
- The rules need to be shipped. 
- The forum will be turned on tonight. 
- The flag mounting will be given to competitors, and strongly recommended in the docs. 
### Specific
- Alistair will draw up a budget containing other expenditure and calculate the upper bound of the venue allowance.
- Kajetan will ask Joyce for help booking SUSU. 
- Kajetan will update the venue requirement spreadsheet and have a look at other options.
- Andy BS will look at contacting the Publicity Officer about SUSU.
- Andy BS will help integrate mentoring timeslots into the rule email announcement.
- Peter will check the docs and website for any remaining references to team budgets and remove them.
- Peter will organise a physical meet to discuss kickstart.
- Andy Busse will draft out a Dev Team proposal to give to the trustees.
