Present:
- Andy Busse,
- Alistair
- Peter
- Tyler
- Dan
- Kajetan
- Jake
- Holly (minutes)

Apologies:
- Antoine
- Andrew BS
- Anton

## Agenda
1. Progress on actions
    1. Issue Tracker/Github (Jake)
    2. Venue requirements (Alistair)
    3. STEM Ambassador contacts (Andy Busse)
    4. Saffron priorities (Peter)
    5. Keys to storage unit (Andy Busse)
2. Core Team Structure
3. Future meetings
4. AOB

## Minutes
1.
    1. No progress yet. Jake will review GitHub adminship.
    2. Alistair has drawn up provisional venue requirements. Core team members will edit and add comments.
    3. STEM Ambassadors seem keen and can get lots of volunteers together through IET networks.
    4. No progress yet.
    5. No progress yet. Key owner still on holiday.
2. When the core team formalise role requirements an explicit statement of member equality will be made to prevent hierachy formation. Alistair notes that this will be slightly different for Head Judge, and that an email about the game design progress will be sent shortly.
3. Until further notice the most popular time of Wednesday 7pm will be used, but this can be regularly reviewed.
4.
    1. Jake contacted Jimmy about the MAI email but has not yet received a response. The core team agrees that Jake should reply with his SR address as speed is more important than an official "team email" at this point.
    2. Tyler has created a kitdev slack channel and asks the core team to consider future kit development.
    3. The core team agrees to ask Andrew to email volunteers and teachers/teams informing them of SR's reactivation.
    4. Peter suggests surveying teams to validate current assumptions about SR structures. Jake offers to take the assumption list and create a survey.

## Action Points
- Core team members will edit and add comments to the venue requirement list.
- Jake will review GitHub adminship.
- Jake will reply to MAI with his SR email address.
- Jake will take the SR assumption list and create a survey.
