# Core Team Meeting 2018-09-19 19:00

# Attendees
## Present
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Tyler Ward
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Peter Law
## Apologies
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Anton Nikitin
- Dan Trickey

## Agenda
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018
2. Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Budget (Alistair)
	3. Kit status (Peter)
	4. Teams Recruitment (Jake)
	5. Volunteer Recruitment (Andy B-S)
	6. SR2019 Game (Alistair)
3. AOB
	1. Pycon (Nice one Jake!)
	2. Future meeting times - update Doodle when Wednesdays become difficult.
	3. Website
	4. Shortest path to date announcement (Alistair)

## Minutes
1.
2.
	1. At this stage we plan to run the competition in SUSU. Kajetan will confirm the dates with them.
	2. Hosting in SUSU gives us surplus. Alistair is meeting with Diane tomorrow to discuss details. Andy BS mentions possible google sponsorship, although there is a dedicated robotics sponsorship team they donâ€™t have the scope to sponsor us. Diane helped to get approved charity status within google, every year all employees get approximately $400 to give from November. SR2019 budget is what we have in the bank, any further funding we secure will go towards future competitions. We should consider using some surplus for development. Tyler will help with the budget due to his experience with SUSU.
	3. No significant update. Southampton university contacts are busy with organising the start of term; if enough people come to their session they can do simple SR testing as well.
	4. Jake will send out survey. Diane reminded us that we need to release dates urgently. Currently we have around 25 teams. We should consider having multiple teams per school to fill up numbers. AB will ask Stemnet, and it may be worth asking PiWars to advertise us to rejected teams.
	5. Andy BS sent email to volunteers. Lots of people signed up to slack, which is now semi-automated. We should try to target universities.
	6. No significant update. Alistair will circulate an email.
3.
	1. At least one new volunteer as a result.
	2. The core team should update their doodle availability during term time. The next meeting will remain on Wednesday.
	3. Needs updating with a news article announcing launch and new logo. Jake will liaise with Dan and take a look this weekend. Peter can help, and Jimmy should be consulted. Antoine will update social media.
	4. We can begin the launch when Kajetan confirms the SUSU date. Andy Busse will draft an announcement message and post in slack for review. If possible we could also include the Kickstart Location/date. Safe venues to confirm are Southampton and London, 10th November is best to avoid the half term.

## Action Points

### General
- The core team should update their doodle availability during term time.

### Specific
- Kajetan will confirm the dates with SUSU urgently.
- Jake will send out survey.
- Andy Busse will ask Stemnet contacts about entering teams.
- Alistair will circulate an email about game suggestions.
- Jake will liaise with Dan and Peter about the website, consulting Jimmy.
- Antoine will update social media.
- Andy Busse will draft an announcement message and post in slack for review.
