# Core Team Meeting 2018-12-19 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Tyler Ward
- Dan Trickey
- Antoine Petty
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Jake Howard
- Holly Holder (minutes)

## Agenda
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018/YYYY-MM-DD.md
2. Key Issues
	1. Competition venue booking
	2. Shipping kits
	3. Create a draft budget
	4. Tech Day bookings
3. AOB
	1. New organiation docs
	2. Runbook/wiki over the break
	3. Social

## Minutes
1. Minutes to be reviewed in relevant pull request on GitHub
2.
	1. SUSU technically open on Thursday/Friday so we need to make sure that enough space is booked on those days. We should make sure that the uni doesn't turn off the network during the weekend.
	2. All kits have been shipped except 3, which are currently being processed.
	3. Alistair suggests passing the Treasurer role to someone else as the Head Judge role increases in workload. Tyler will help budget SUSU related costs.
	4. Proposed January day might be a problem because of university exams, which take up rooms and reduce volunteers.
3.
	1. Tyler will let the trustees know about rapidly rising Ops Manual version numbers.
	2. Jake will decide runbook platform.
	3. ABS will sort out the social.

## Action Points
### Specific
- Tyler will help budget SUSU related costs.
- Tyler will let the trustees know about rapidly rising Ops Manual version numbers.
- Jake will decide runbook platform.
- Andy BS will sort out the social.