# Core Team Meeting 2018-08-22 19:00

## Attendees:
	Present:
	-Andy Busse
	-Alistair Lynn
	-Tyler Ward
	-Dan Trickey
	-Kajetan Champlewski
	-Andy Barrett-Sprock
	-Jake Howard
	-Antoine Petty
	-Holly Holder (minutes)
 	Apologies:
	-Anton Nikitin
	-Peter Law
## Agenda:
1. Purpose/Focus of meetings (quick follow-up to Peterâ€™s comments in Slack)
2. Key Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues 
	1. Venue booking
	2. Kit status
	3. Software readiness
	4. SR2019 Game
	5. Volunteer recruitment
	6. Schools recruitment
	7. Kickstart plan
	8. Budget
3. AOB 
	1. Southampton cupboard

## Minutes: 
1. To focus and condense future meeting the core team agree to make use of GitHub Issues and slack for minor decisions.
2. 
	1. Alistair has drawn up a detailed list of venue requirements. Cureently there is a shortlist of a current possible venues, including Newbury and Farnborough.
	   Kajetan will get quotes from the potential venues and check our needs can be met.
	   The core team will make a dedicated venues slack channel.
	2. Andy still has not heard back re. the storage container.
	3. Peter has not yet made decisions regarding Saffron etc. 
	   The core team agree to postpone a final decision regarding the IDE.
	   The core team note that the websit should be updates and the documentation reviewed.
	   Dan and Jake will review the website.
	4. Alistair will be emailing the core team with the game process this week.
	5. The core team agree that volunteers should be contacted with key announcements, and that it would be useful to hear which areas individuals are interested in helping with. The core team discusses whether it would be useful to have 2 channels of communication to volunteers, one for announcements and one for suggestions and feedback.
	   Andy BS will take ownership of the announcements.
	   There should also be consideration into recruiting new volunteers. University fresher fairs could be a good oppurtunity for this.
	   Andy B will send a template to STEM abassadors.
	6. Schools restart soon so it is important to contact them as soon as we can. It is easier to persuade them with solid dates and locations, particularly for the competition. Currently 30/35 have expressed interest, leaving around 10 spaces.
	   Jake will pick this up in a couple of weeks.
	7. Depending on school locations it may be beneficial to run several kickstarts, possibly one in Soton, Oxford and London, and maybe Bristol.
	   Andy BS will email Jimmy regarding team list access, on behalf of Jake.
	8. Alistair has not yet seen the last functional budget. The core team agrees that relevant budget information should be available to all core team members. The core team agrees that running the competition is of the highest priority, after which possible kit development can be explored.
	   Andy BS will add this to his email to Jimmy, Diane may not have comprehensive knowledge of past budgets.
3.
	1. The current inventory is not accurate and needs to be completely re-done. There are also big issues wih the system, and very limited documentation to help people to understand it. The core team discusses the possibility of using a web based frontend and keeping the current backend.
	   Kajetan will draw up system pros and cons.
	2. The weekend of 22nd Sept is suggested for a kit session but this is dependent on being able to access the container.

## Action Points:

### General:
-The core team will make a dedicated venues slack channel.

### Specific:
-Kajetan will get quotes from the potential venues and check our needs can be met.
-Dan and Jake will review the website.
-Andy BS will take ownership of volunteer announcements.
-Andy B will send a volunteer template to STEM abassadors.
-Andy BS will email Jimmy regarding team list access, on behalf of Jake.
-Andy BS will add a request to access budget in his email to Jimmy.
-Kajetan will draw up inventory system pros and cons.










