# Core Team Meeting 2018-09-12 19:00

## Attendees:
### Present:
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Tyler Ward
- Anton Nikitin
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Peter Law
### Apologies:
- Dan Trickey

## Agenda:
1. Agree previous minutes and this agenda
2. Key Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Venue booking (Kajetan)
	2. Budget (Alistair)
3. Other issues
	1. Kit status (Peter)
	2. Teams Recruitment (Jake)
	3. Kickstart
4. AOB
	1. GDPR Reminder from Diane (Jake)

## Minutes:
1. Not discussed.
2.
	1. Newbury and ICC will send quotes imminently, with Newbury basing their quote off previous rates. Farnborough confimed no public admission possible. Kajetan will update the core team when he receives the quotes.
	2. Based on SR2017 and taking inflation as 2% per year we are predicted ~Â£17,000 short, assuming the use of a venue like Newbury. Possible solutions: cost cut (Production, Team Budget, Volunteer Accomodation), host in SUSU, get sponsorship (possibility of Motorola but seriously out of time). Suggestion of telling Newbury and reserving, but also booking SUSU. Alistair will budget alternate proposals. As of July 2017 we were operating at a similar loss. Alistair will meet with Diane to discuss. The core team will ask the trustees for clarification of fundraising responsibility.
3.
	1. Productive weekend, thanks to all volunteers. Checked kit in and began testing. ~2 more weekends needed, or evening sessions. Odroids limiting factor. Peter will send out a volunteer availability doodle poll.
	2. ~25 teams expressed interest. ABS will give team list access to Jake. Jake will prod past teams (without guarantees in case of small venue), and send out survey.
	3. Location depends on teams. Not yet investigated venues, possibly schools. Core team encouraged to submit possible venues to Kajetan. Date agreed as late October/early November.
4.
	1. Diane reminds us of GDPR. Only major item is the historic private teams repository, which contains school information, and possibly phone numbers. This is only on Saffron.

## Action Points:

### General:
- The core team will ask the trustees for clarification of fundraising responsibility.
- The core team will submit possible kickstart venues to Kajetan.

### Specific:
- Alistair will meet with Diane to discuss the budget.
- Alistair will budget alternate proposals.
- Kajetan will update the core team when he receives the venue quotes.
- Peter will send out a volunteer kit weekend availability doodle poll.
- ABS will give team list access to Jake.
- Jake will prod past teams and send out survey.
