# Core Team Meeting 2018-07-24

## Agenda
1. Attendees
2. Previous Minute Review
3. SR2019
    1. Venue
    2. Mentoring
    3. Communication
    4. Kickstart and Tech Days
4. Core Team
5. Assets
6. Action Tracking
7. Future Meetings
8. SourceBots
9. AOB

## Attendance
* Andy Busse
* Alistair Lynn
* Peter Law
* Jake Howard
* Andrew Barrett-Sprot
* Dan Trickey
* Tyler Ward
* Kajetan Champlewski
* Holly Holder (minutes).

### Apologies
* Anton Nikitin.


## Minutes
1. In Attendance: Andy Busse, Alistair Lynn, Peter Law, Jake Howard, Andrew Barrett-Sprot, Dan Trickey, Tyler Ward, Kajetan Champlewski, Holly Holder (minutes).
Apologies: Anton Nikitin.
2. Unable to review previous minutes as do not yet have access.
3. The current format of the SR competition is good and game specifics will be decided later. The team resolves to create a runbook.
    1. Venue hire takes up a big part of the budget. The team agrees to examine previous budgets and review alternative venues. Alistair will draw up a list of requirements for potential venues. The team will consider ideas for funding.
    2. Mentors are role models, and a unique part of the SR experience. Physical guidance is preferable to virtual, but the latter can be used for specialist knowledge distribution and as a supplement. Mentors don’t have to be members of SR. Andy will pursue his contacts within STEM Ambassadors.
    3. Having a clear channel of communication is vital for announcements, and provides a point of contact to schools, however in previous years placing the entire responsibility of this onto one person has been unfair. Support tickets and regional contacts may be useful. The forum has worked well in the past, but there are now GDPR concerns. The team has suggested a detailed FAQ page, and possible use of third party platforms such as a subreddit or stackexchange.
    4. One-day technical workshops are useful for attendees and strengthen the community. Kickstart will not be too early in the cycle, to allow suitable preparation time. Teams who do not attend often do worse, so understanding reasons for non-attendance is vital. The team will poll teachers for their comments, and consider the provision of tools.
4. The team wishes to adopt positions similar to “Committee 2”, though it is noted that a shared task spreadsheet will help ensure the completion of miscellaneous and ‘grey area’ tasks. The team can also comprise members without portfolio. Suggested improvements include the removal of sponsorship officer, possible expansion of the engineering role, the addition of chair and treasurer, and the creation of a formal judge role. Delegation is helpful for direction, but some tasks require communal input. Roles with asset oversight are especially important to define. The team resolves to detail potential roles, then approve and assign them in the next meeting. The team agrees that the current population (10) is correct for decision making and workload distribution.
5. It is vital that there is a clear record of SR assets. Old kit stored in the Southampton broom cupboard needs to be dealt with. A chronology of SR is being compiled using the history box. The team will inform the trustees before final disposal of any equipment. The Southampton group agree to process and evaluate the contents of the cupboard, with the tiles given to SourceBots. The team agree that the keys to the storage container should only be possessed by current Trustees or Core Team members and resolve to retrieve other keys. SR virtual assets need serious evaluation, and social media accounts should have secure, exclusive access. Peter will evaluate Saffron and recommend its fate, currently it has huge technical issues and data privacy concerns. The future engineering sub team will consider IDE and software ideas.
6. GitHub projects has been suggested for action tracking. Jake will audit GitHub and ask Jimmy about high-level access. Andy will ensure that Holly provides the minutes of the meeting.
7. A set time is preferable for future team meetings, but Doodle polls will be used in the interim. Jake has a script for Doodle polls.
8. Preferably equipment should be checked before loan to SourceBots, however as currently down 2 kits (1 broken, 1 unavailable for testing) they would appreciate any extra.
9. Trustees need to clarify the Child Protection Policy.
10. In the next meeting the team will agree the detail of specific roles and appoint these.

## Action Points
### General
* The team resolves to create an SR runbook.
* The team agrees to review alternative venues.
* The team will consider ideas for funding.
* The team will retrieve storage keys that do not belong to Trustee or team members.
* The team resolves to detail potential roles, then approve and assign them in the next meeting.

### Specific
* Alistair will draw up a list of requirements for potential venues.
* Peter will evaluate Saffron and recommend its fate.
* The Southampton group will process and evaluate the contents of the cupboard ([#6](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/6)).
* Andy will pursue his contacts within STEM Ambassadors.
* Jake will audit GitHub and ask Jimmy about high-level access ([#2](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/2)).
* Andy will ensure that Holly provides the minutes of the meeting.
* The Trustees should clarify the Child Protection Policy ([#9](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/9)).
