## Agenda:
1.	Agree previous minutes and this agenda
2.	Progress on actions:
    1.	Issue Tracker (Jake)
    2.	Venue requirements (Alistair)
    3.	STEM Ambassador contacts (Andy Busse)
    4.	Team Structure (see below)
    5.	SR Runbook
    6.	GitHub (Jake)
    7.	Saffron (Peter)
    8.	Review of competition venues
    9.	Keys to storage unit (Andy Busse)
3.	Core Team Structure: Review of https://hackmd.io/ltCB1_QKRZuNETu4XIa7cg (WIP) then voting
4.	Future meetings
5.	AOB

## Present:
- Andy Busse
- Alistair
- Dan
- Kajetan
- Tyler
- Jake
- Anton
- Peter
- Holly (minutes)
- Andrew Barrett-Sprock
- Antoine
Apologies: None

1.	Agreed on a general aye
2.
    1. All members have been added to the GitHub except Antoine. Jake suggests we should use GitHub issues, Dan mentions there are other options which give free access to charities. For the time being the core team minutes will be used to highlight issues and actions. Jake will investigate improving GitHub.
    2. No progress, will research after Smallpeice summer school.
    3. Andy is meeting with them next week.
    4. See below
    5.  This is a long-term goal. The ops manual has useful content even if the approach taken is not quite right.
    6.  Jake will add Antoine to the GitHub.
    7.  Peter has recorded the services on there, some of which will be needed in the future. The most important thing is to remove stored personal data. Peter has shell but not console access, he is also the only one with root access which should change. The team will ask the trustees for serial console access. The Engineering Role Holder (Peter) will have the responsibility to sort out our plan of action, and delegate the work involved as necessary.
    8. Will research after Smallpeice summer school.
    9. This will be resolved by early September. There are other assets that need transferring such as the bank account. Until there are concrete proposals to present to the trustees there is no point asking for bank access. The cupboard has been checked but not fully logged. After the summer school there will be more things added and it will be moved to a larger cupboard. When the summer school has finished the Southampton team will inventorize the cupboard.

3.	The team agrees to adopt a core team structure in the meeting as so many members are physically present. The team agrees that no one person should take on too many roles. Roles can be further defined over time and can be changed if necessary.
- Chair: Andy (unopposed)
- Treasurer: Alistair (unopposed)
- School Interaction: Jake (also standing: Anton)
- Public Interaction: Antoine (also standing: Kajetan). Antoine will contact Jimmy to get account access.
- Community: Andrew (unopposed)
- Engineering: Peter (unopposed)
- Events: Kajetan (also standing: Anton). Kajetan will look at ops manual v2. Andrew will offer guidance for this role.
- Head Judge: Alistair (also standing: Dan)
- Members Without Portfolio: All remaining members

Named roles should review their brief to see if it is ready to be added to the runbook. As the core team structure is fluid it will not be added to the ops manual.

4.	The team will reply to the future meetings doodle poll. The next full meeting will take place in 2 weeks time, with a short interim meeting next week.
5.	None

## Action Points:
- General:
  - The team will reply to the future meetings doodle poll
  - Named roles will review their briefs and edit if necessary
- Specific:
  - Jake will investigate improving GitHub and add Antoine.
  - After he has recovered from the summer school, Alistair will begin to draw up a list of venue requirements
  - When the summer school has finished the Southampton team will inventorize the cupboard
  - Antoine will contact Jimmy to get social media account access
