# Core Team Meeting 2018-09-26 19:00

# Attendees:
## Present:
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Tyler Ward
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Anton Nikitin
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Diane Dowling (Trustee)
## Apologies:
- Dan Trickey
- Peter Law

## Agenda:
1. Previous minutes: https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/tree/master/2018
2. Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. SR2019 Announcement
	2. Venue booking (Kajetan)
	3. Kit status (Peter)
	4. Teams Recruitment (Jake)
	5. Volunteer Recruitment (Andy B-S)
	6. SR2019 Game (Alistair)
3. AOB
	1. Fundraising
	2. Website
	3. Safeguarding Policy

## Minutes:
1.
2.
	1. It is more important to announce quickly rather than waiting for a competition booking. The core team agrees to announce tomorrow morning (27/09/2018) with the kickstart date. Jake will send the announcement via email, and Antoine will update social media.
	2. Kajetan has booked a lecture theatre for kickstart and is confident that we will be able to use the labs, but has booked computer rooms just in case. SUSU has been emailed regarding the competition but has not yet replied.
	3. No progress.
	4. Team sign-up should be explicity opt-in. Jake will send the confirmation email to both mailing lists. In the event of oversubscription we will need to decided whether to operate on a first-come-first-served basis, or to give priority to previous teams. In the future we should look at how to reach a greater number of potential teams.
	5. Southampton Bunfight looks promising in terms of numbers. In general our main concern is the lack of mentors, we may need to look into remote mentoring again.
	6. No progress, Alistair plans to send the email in the next few days.
3.
	1. The trustees are happy for the core team to approach potential sponsors and are creating a pack to assist with this. We should make a spreadsheet to keep track of potential sponsors.
	2. The conversation around the website discord should be solved offline. This has highlighted the need for updating the runbook.
	3. Diane agrees to look at the policy to remove prohibitive technicalities.

## Action Points:

### General:
- The core team should update their doodle availability during term time.

### Specific:
- Jake will send out the announcement tomorrow morning (27/09/2018) via email.
- Antoine will update social media with the announcement tomorrow morning (27/09/2018).
- Alistair will send out an email about the game in the next few days.
- Diane will look at the safeguarding policy to remove prohibitive technicalities.
