# Core Team Meeting 2019-02-26 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Antoine Petty
- Anton Nikitin

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Shipping kits to teams
	2. Volunteers
	3. Readiness Review
	4. Budget
2. AOB
	1. Development Team
	2. Careers Fair Contact
	3. Inventory
	4. Publicity
	5. Tech Day

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. 3 teams have dropped out, so far Peter has 1 returned kit which Alistair will take to Southampton for this Saturday's hackday.
	2. Now that GitHub tasks have been created, their descriptions need fleshing out.
	3. Must-have tasks should have assignees. We also need to categorise milestone tasks.
	4. Andy Busse asked the trustees for budget approval but this is still pending.
2. 
	1. A new Development Team proposal has been suggested and is ready for comments. In keeping with the "open by default" mission statement there is no need for the proposal to be limited to core-team members.
	2. Dan will email the trustees regarding this potential sponsorship.
	3. Tyler will refer the matter of missing kit from previous years to the trustees.
	4. Antoine will contact local Southampton newspapers regarding the competition.
	5. Will's design, using wood instead of insulation board, will be used for the arena. Other arena elements will be tested at this Saturday's hackday.

## Action Points
### Specific
- Alistair will take Peter's retuned kit to Southampton for this Saturday's hackday.
- Dan will email the trustees regarding the potential sponsorship.
- Tyler will refer the matter of missing kit from previous years to the trustees.
- Antoine will contact local Southampton newspapers regarding the competition.
### General
- GitHub tasks need better descriptions, assignees, and categorisation.