# Core Team Meeting 2019-02-19 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
### Apologies
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Shipping kits to teams
	2. Volunteers
	3. Readiness Review
	4. Budget
2. AOB
	1. Forums
	2. Development Team
	3. Careers Fair Contact
	4. GitHub
	5. Inventory

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. We have 1 returned kit from a dropout, at this stage it is only worth giving kits to second teams rather than having new schools involved. Jake will decide what to do with any returned kits.
	2. We need a lot more volunteers to help with competition preparations, not just the competition itself. Kajetan will speak to Andy BS about the best way to contact potential volunteers.
	3. Kajetan will prioritise the tasks to make sure that long-term issues get worked on promptly.
	4. No response from the trustees yet, Andy Busse will enquire again.
2. 
	1. Following Rich's advice, and the agreement that safety concerns and effort outweight the benefits of the team switching battery, we will not allow them to use it. Peter will post this response in the forums.
	2. Andy Busse has responded to comments on the proposal in the google doc.
	3. After Dan and Kajetan found sponsorship interest it is important that we move fairly quickly to try and gain this. We will review this next meting, and contact the trustees.
	4. At the moment Jake needs to add interested volunteers to the org for them to be assigned issues. Jake will explore the possibility of adding them as contributors to the task repo.
	5. Tyler has graphed the current inventory and missing items. Old volunteers might still have some of these, so we will contact the trustees as it does not fall under the core team's remit.

## Action Points
### Specific
- Jake will decide what to do with any returned kits.
- Kajetan will speak to Andy BS about the best way to contact potential volunteers.
- Kajetan will prioritise the tasks to make sure that long-term issues get worked on promptly.
- Andy Busse will enquire about the budget proposal to the trustees.
- Peter will post the battery response in the forums.
- Jake will explore the possibility of adding volunteers as contributors to the GitHub task repo.
- Tyler will contact the trustees regarding missing inventory.