# Core Team Meeting 2019-02-06 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Peter Law
- Alistair Lynn
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Dan Trickey
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Tyler Ward
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Competition venue booking
	2. Draft Budget
	3. Retro for core team function
	4. Team Dropouts
	5. Shipping kits to teams
2. AOB
	1. Forums
	2. Development Team
	3. Feb Tech day
	4. Business Cards
	5. GDPR
	6. SR-comp

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. SUSU is booked, Kajetan is now working on the task list. We need to decide what we want to hire from them soon, before he meets with them.
	2. The draft budget has been submitted but still requires trustee approval. Andy Busse will remind them in his monthly update.
	3. Peter has put together the retro. Although there aren't lots of suggestions for improvement, where a problem has been identified we have fixed it speedily.
	4. 2 teams have dropped out. Peter will run scripts to test team IDE activity, which should help identify struggling teams and allow us to target them. Andy Barrett-Sprot will match up potential mentors with schools.
	5. 3 kits need reallocation. 1 is in Southampton and 2 are en-route to Peter.
2. 
	1. We will carpet the top and sides of the caldera.
	2. Andy Busse has put together a rough draft defining the Development Team, comments are welcomed.
	3. Anton says that we can use the L2 labs in Southampton. Andy Barrett-Sprot will find someone to lead the Southampton day. At the moment 3 teams have confirmed that they will go to London, 0 have confirmed Southampton.
	4. The trustees have approved these, and we now need some kind of Design Team to handle publicity media.
	5. Due to the legal implications of Media Consent, Jake will email the trustees and get their input.
	6. Peter is working out the licenses. Several core team members expressed hesitancy at using a GPL.

## Action Points
### Specific
- Kajetan will create a venue task list ([#72](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/72)).
- Andy Busse will send out his monthly update and remind the trustees to look at the draft budget ([#73](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/73)).
- Peter will run scripts to test team IDE activity ([#74](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/74)).
- Andy Barrett-Sprot will match up potential mentors with schools ([#75](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/75)).
- Andy Barrett-Sprot will find someone to lead the Southampton February tech day ([#76](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/76)).
- Jake will email the trustees and get their input on media consent ([#77](https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues/77)).
