# Core Team Meeting 2019-01-09 18:30

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- Antoine Petty
- Holly Holder (minutes)

## Agenda
1. Key Issues
	1. Competition venue booking (Kajetan/Tyler)
	2. Create a draft budget (Alistair)
	3. Retro for core team function
	4. Shipping kits to teams
2. AOB
	1. Inactive forum complaint
	2. Competition Program Documentation
	3. Mentoring

## Minutes
1. https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. We need confirmation of the venue booking from SUSU so we can announce to teams. Antoine will prepare the announcement. 
	2. Diane and Tyler have draft budgets which are ready to be reviewed.
	3. Several responses have been submitted so far, we will begin to analyse them when a few more come in.
	4. There are 3 kits yet to be shipped. 1 can be shipped now, 1 is awaiting a form completion and 1 is a spare kit which will be allocated as a 2nd kit.
2. 
	1. Most forum queries are being monitored and responded to, but teams are asking for game clarifications. It was suggested that we discuss current forum activity in future meetings.
	2. Next core team meeting reviews and comments are welcomed.
	3. At the moment there aren't many responses so we should approach potential mentors.

## Action Points
### Specific
-  Antoine will prepare the announcement for the competition ready for SUSU confirmation. 
