# Core Team Meeting 2018-11-06 18:00

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Busse
- Alistair Lynn
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
- Kajetan Champlewski
- Holly Holder (minutes)
- Jake Howard
### Apologies
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty

## Agenda
1. Key Issues https://github.com/srobo/core-team-minutes/issues
	1. Create a draft budget (Alistair) 
	2. Kit Status (Peter)
	3. Competition venue booking (Kajetan) 
	4. Arrange Kickstart 
2. Arrangements for mentoring post-kickstart (Andy B-S, Jake)
3. AOB
	1. Meetings to become fortnightly from 13th November onwards?
4. Post Meeting
	1. Choose SR2019 Game

## Minutes
1.
	1. For the draft budget to be created we need at least a rough estimate of SUSU hire. Kajetan will try and get a quote from them this week.
	2. The wire has arrived and been cut for the London kit, it now just needs to be cut and distributed into the Southampton kits.
	3. Most likely we will get The Cube for the dates we want, at the Band 2 price rate (charities), and will need to hire uni security.
	4. It is probably best to use previous microgames that we know work, we also need to make sure teams have tools to use for them. Peter will work on the competitor facing services this evening. In the next meeting we will review possible tech days, and provisional bookings for them. 
2. To be discussed next week.
3.
	1. Meetings suggested to be half an hour later and fortnightly.
4. 
	1. The core team voted in favour of Alistair's suggestion, with scope to modify and improve the specifics. Suggestions for a name are welcomed, along with pre-emptive team questions.

## Action Points
### General
- Wire needs to be distributed into the Southampton kits.
### Specific
- Kajetan will try and get a quote from SUSU this week.
- Peter will work on the competitor facing services this evening.
