# Core Team Meeting 2019-05-28

## Attendees
### Present
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Peter Law (minutes)
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies
- Holly Holder

## Agenda
* Kit munging into state to handover to SR2020 core team
    * How many still out on loan, are we expecting UKPostBox situation
    * Can we define after this the amount of stuff which will likely need making / purchasing for SR2020
* Retro feedback
* Financial close out of SR2020

## Minutes

### Kit

We’re planning to have some more kit sessions. Peter is owning this. We would
like to get to a point where we’ve tested the boards. This is important as we
were close to the numbers needed on some boards this year, so any failures could
mean we’re limited on teams due to that.

A kit session would also let us look in the container for the missing SRO RUB.

We are underway chasing teams for parts and kits. The emails to teams for kits
was sent out last week. The email for individual pieces of kit has been drafted
and will go out today.

Jake will be chasing higher up within schools soon.

Peter has found a place in Newbury which could be used for kit munging if that
proves more convenient as a location.

#### Dev Team

It’s not clear currently how the kit development is going to happen. We believe
that this will (eventually) sit with the trustees, though there was an action
point from the meeting which Dan Trickey organised back in April for Dan, Rob
Gilton & Tom Wheal to update the proposal with the outcomes of the discussion.
We’ve not heard anything more about this.

### Feedback

#### Volunteers

Peter has collated this into a spreadsheet and has pulled the immediately
actionable items either directly into the runbook or onto issues on the runbook.

The Core Team are encouraged to review these and suggest how we can record or
action the improvements.

#### Teams

We have only 4 responses to the form so far, which is disappointing.

Suggestion for the future: gather feedback at the event, if we can.

### Budgets

* The UPS bill came to more than 50% of what was budgeted. This is surprising
  and it would be good to understand the breakdowns of the details.\
  Andy BS to coordinate getting details to Tyler.

* Andy BS to share the scaff invoice with Tyler.

* We’re a little under budget due to various purchases which were cheaper than
  expected or avoided entirely. Some of this was asset purchases which weren’t
  made and the venue cost was a substantial contributor too.

#### Missing wood

The hardboard seems to be present, though there is a shortfall of the pine which
would be used for the top & bottom of the sides of the arena.

* The cube was definitely completely empty on the end of Monday evening.
* The estates van was definitely empty when it left.
* We don't believe that StageSoc removed it.

At this point the chances are we’re not going to find the wood. We need to work
out if we feel happy that SR should replace it and if so then how to organise
doing that. It’ll be important to audit what is actually missing first though.

Andy Busse will write to Dianne to outline the situation. The replacement wood
would ideally be ordered late July as that’s when it’ll be used.

### Thanks

The Core Team thanks Tyler for performing his role as treasurer and Holly (in
ironic absentia) similarly for reliably taking minutes.

## Action Points

### Specific

* Andy Busse will write to Dianne to outline the situation regarding the wood
* Andy BS will share the scaff invoice with Tyler.
* Andy BS will coordinate getting details of our UPS expenditure Tyler.
