# Core Team Meeting YYYY-MM-DD 00:00

## Attendees

### Present

 * Antoine Petty
 * Jake Howard
 * James Seden Smith
 * Jenny Fletcher
 * Peter Law (minutes)

### Apologies

 * Andy Barrett-Sprot
 * Andy Busse
 * Hope Shaw

## Agenda

 1. Initial email
 2. Review outstanding issues
 3. Venue

## Minutes

#### Initial email:

 * This is still in PR, due to outstanding questions
 * There’s a Grey area around what’s in the remit of the kit team
   * Let’s ignore anything kit related for now and pick that up again once the kit team has formed
 * Focus on the game & how to get involved
 * Let’s include the names of the people in the competition team (i.e: us), just after we talk about the fact that the team has formed
 * Ideally we would send it this week
 * Can we get more people access to MailChimp?
   * Jake to enquire

#### Task updates:
 * Reaching out to Uni societies
   * Some progress, have some societies listed, many don’t have a public email, but do have facebook
   * Let’s use the volunteer-emails repo to review this when the words are ready
   * Can we use the SR facebook account to reach out with?
     * Antoine to investigate if this is possible and reach out to the trustees about adding James to the page.
 * Shape of meetings
   * Google Meet probably works, we’ll need to allow/deny people joining so we
     let all volunteers in, but keep (for example) competitors out (as that
     avoids safeguarding concerns as well as allowing us to freely discuss
     things like the game, which we’d want to keep a secret from them)

#### Mailing lists:
 * How do we join? It looks like they’ve been closed off.
 * Jake to contact the trustees about opening up the mailing lists so they’re easier for people to join
 * We want to end up with:
   * A list which sends to people who want the major updates (kickstart, competition)
   * A list which has more regular (weekly? monthly?) updates
   * A discussion list (we’re expecting to use srobo@googlegroups.com for this)
 * Turns out that you can’t chain one google group into another one, so we need a different approach
  * For now, let’s mention in the initial email that we plan to use srobo@googlegroups.com and worry about the other lists later

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake: Enquire with the trustees about getting more people access to MailChimp ([#112](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/112))
- Antoine: Investigate if it’s possible to send messages from one facebook page to another ([#113](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/113))
- Antoine: Reach out to the trustees about adding James to the SR facebook page ([#114](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/114))
- Jake: Contact the trustees about opening up the google groups mailing lists so they’re easier for people to join ([#115](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/115))
