# Competition Team Meeting 2019-08-06

## Attendees

- Andy Busse
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith (minutes)
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

## Agenda

- Team Kick-Off email
- Venue
- New volunteers
- Kickstart
- Game Design
- Past Actions

## Minutes

#### Team kick-off email

- Term starts imminently (next week), we should make sure to email teams ASAP.
- Once the draft is ready, it can be sent via MailChimp to the existing list of interested teams

#### Venue

- Hope back from holiday shortly
  - We should actively communicate as soon as possible rather than wait till next week to progress the venue
  - Southampton should still be considered as a venue

#### New volunteers

- We need volunteers and should look for new ones
  - Possible sources
    - IET
    - STEM Ambassadors
    - Uni Societies (not just CompSci also engineering)

#### Kickstart

- We need to start planning this early to help avoid volunteer burnout

  - Hope is exploring Southampton as a venue
  - Diane has space in Rpi offices

- Has Kit Team formed?
  - Need to know how many kits we have so we can know how many teams we have
  - Committee should send email outlining our plan, timelines and propose meeting if helpful

#### Game Design

- Need welcome email to be sent ASAP
- We should have at least one brainstorming sessions as these have proved useful in the past
- Organise a meeting for game brainstorming - Saturday 7th Lunch?
- How are we deciding the game?
  - Vote, Competition Team decides, Head Judge decides?
  - Don't need a decision now but should think about

#### Past Actions

- Mailing list
  - Peter reached out to 'Owner' via the button on the google group
  - Jake to contact trustees
- Volunteer recruitment
  - James started an email, will share shortly for comment.
- Recurring tasks
  - Contents still relevant
  - Not yet looked at last years tasks from the tasks repo
  - Will then look at importing into tasks repo

## Action Points

### Specific

- Peter: Draft invitation email to teams ([#117](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/117))
- Andy B: Send email to Kit Team Committee outlining plans and timelines ([#118](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/118))
- Jake: Organise a meeting for game design brainstorming ([#119](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/119))
