# Competition Team Meeting 2019-08-06

## Attendees
 * Andy Barrett-Sprot
 * Andy Busse
 * Antoine Petty
 * Erwin Lau
 * Jake Howard
 * James Seden Smith
 * Jenny Fletcher
 * Hope Shaw
 * Peter Law (minutes)

## Agenda

* Discuss the plan for the year (https://hackmd.io/97P9BLCwR--RRVNiAbIZvw?view)
  and kick off the high priority tasks

* Discuss what format we want these meetings to take, what we discuss in them.

## Minutes

#### Priorities for the short term

 * Main competition venue; as this took a long time to sort last year
   * The trustees would like us to find a venue outside of Southampton. The main reason for this is that Southampton cannot cope with 52 teams, so we need to show that we can run other venues to enable us to scale
   * If we can find a large school or other community venue, that would be ideal
     * We have an existing spreadsheet which includes details of our requirements
   * We expect to have a similar budget as last year
   * Aiming for about 37 teams
   * Next steps here are:
     * Working out what we need from a venue
     * Start contacting venues to get quotes and availability

 * Game design
   * We’d like to announce the start of this by the end of this week
   * Deadline for submissions ~mid September
   * Then collaboratively pick the best bits from those to form a game at that point
   * Next steps here:
     * Email to the volunteer lists
     * Outline the capabilities of the kits
     * Set the deadline for submissions (likely 1st September)
     * Maybe organise a volunteer ideation session

 * Volunteer recruitment
   * Have we ever reached out to robotics societies at Universities?
     * We haven’t, but there’s no reason not to
   * What about IET/IEEE?
     * We have tried this in the past, however they have their own involvement with the Lego League, so are less interested in us

 * General announcement to our volunteers
   * Launch of preparation for SR2020
   * How to get involved, etc.
   * Email/facebook/other social media

#### Non-short-term-priorities

   * Kickstart venues: these can be organised much more easily at shorter notice
   * We should reach out to any celebs who we might like to present the prizes on the Sunday
   * Can we create some intro documentation for new volunteers
     * Yes, it would ideally go in the runbook
   * We would like at some point to create some into videos

#### Discussion locations

   * On GitHub, in the tasks repo, on issues (useful where there’s already a well defined outline)
   * In Slack: treat this as ephemeral
   * Mailing lists: let’s use srobo@googlegroups.com for general discussion
   * Meetings: aim to keep to making decisions

####  What’s the plan for getting a detailed task list

   * We probably need to assign this to a single person, who would then go through the list and re-create tasks
   * Source from last year’s tasks, combined with the [recurring tasks](https://github.com/srobo/recurring-tasks) repo

## Action Points

### Specific

 * Peter: Run through the old tasks repo, tidy up anything which is no longer relevant ([#100](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/100))
 * Hope: Start finding a venue
 * Andy B: find the venue requirements spreadsheet, share it with Hope ([#101](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/101))
 * Andy BS: Create new milestones and project in the tasks repo ([#102](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/102))
 * Andy BS: Create task to gather game feedback at the competition ([#103](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/103))
 * Jenny: Solicit game design input ([#104](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/104))
 * James: Investigate and reach out to Uni societies regarding volunteers ([#105](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/105))
 * Antoine: Publicise the start of planning for SR2020 ([#99](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/99))
 * Jake: Publicise time of next meeting (will be during Smallpeice) ([#106](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/106))
 * Peter: See what we can do with the recurring tasks ([#107](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/107))
