# Competition Team Meeting 2019-09-27



## Attendees

- Andy Busse
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith (minutes)
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law (Joined part way through)

## Agenda

- Kickstart
- Teams
- Game
- Stats

## Minutes

#### Kickstart

- Rooms have been booked at Cambridge Uni :tada:
  - We now need to create a parking map, including food locations.
  - We also need to update the website post
  - We should email teams that wanted to attend Cambridge Kickstart
    - Current mail list doesn't allow emailing just a subset of teams
    - When signups close (1st October), we can send a follow-up email to all confirming locations of all venues

- We need volunteers for kickstart
  - So far six signups + competition team
  - We should post signup form in slack

- Northern kickstart not happening. Unfortunately the contacts didn't pan out

- We should livestream/film a Kickstart for those that can't attend
  - Six teams can't attend a kickstart
  - If we film we need to be sure to exclude the audience
  - Antoine happy to set up a livestream at the Southampton Kickstart

- If we can't answer rules questions at kickstart, we should record them and upload the questions and answers to the forum.

- Kits need to be taken to locations
  - We need to get kits to London and Cambridge
  - Should we get couriers or try and organise a 'Volunteer Shipment Service'
  - Shipping shouldn't be too expensive
  - We'll aim to ship unless there is an obvious oppurtunity for a volunteer to take some


#### Teams
 - If we still have spaces available when we intend to close signups, we should leave signups open and allocate teams on a case by case basis
 - If we still have kits at kickstart, we'll decide how to allocate second teams

#### Game

- We have a good starting point, still need to polish the rules
- We ideally need to allocate a Head Judge before kickstart, to deal with potential questions at kickstart

#### Stats
 - Do we know what we want to collect?
  - Gender + Economic Means are useful for sponsors
  - Peter emailed trustees a while ago but didn't hear back

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jenny: Update Cambridge website post with details of Uni ([#155](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/155))
- Jenny: Create a map of parking and food venues around Cambridge Uni ([#156](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/156))
- Jake: Send email to teams on 1st October confirming Cambridge location ([#157](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/157))
