# Meeting 2019-10-11 Notes
- Speak to Southampton SRO ask if we can store Kit until kickstart.
- *Action Point*: AndyBS Define a process for kickstart:
  - Update the disclaimer form to have box part codes.
- Question on who actually handles the kit distribution
  - It feels weird to hand over to the Competition team then hand support straight over to the kit team.
- Budget is reviewable now
  - *Action Point*: andybs: Remove irrelevant people from the budget channel.
- Kickstart:
  - We should send an email to all teams confirming their location. (Jake's on it)
    - We can’t send emails to individual teams in google groups?
  - Cambridge:
    - *Action Point* Jenny will add a map of where to get food.
- Alistair is head judge.
- Rules:
  - Can we shrink the arena?
- Arena
  - SR arena as 8x8 is too big for the cube with a 1m space around the edge for screens.
  - We could use the SUSU truss?
    - Smaller arenas might be possible just with SUSU truss.
  - We’ll delegated this problem to Alistair.
- Tshirts
  - AndyBs to find & design t-shirts. We need them ordered ASAP so they can be shipped with kits.
- We need a meeting with the trustees (i.e. to discuss payments, volunteer recruiting, etc..)
  - *Action Point* Andy Busse to sort out a meeting.

## Action Points

### Specific

- Andy BS: Define a process for handing kits out at kickstart ([#160](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/160)).
- Andy Busse: sort out a meeting with the Trustees ([#161](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/161)).
- Jenny: Add a map of where to get food at the Cambridge kickstart ([#162](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/162)).
