# Competition Team Meeting 2019-09-03

## Attendees

- Andy Busse
- Andy Barret-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith (minutes)
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

## Agenda

- Open Team Signups for SR2020
- Comms with Kit Comitee
- Volunteer Outreach
- Game design meeting
- Venues

## Minutes

#### Open Team Signups for SR2020

- Update Website + send email + social media announcements
- Announce to teams hopefully tonight
- Should have everything in place to do this (website + email + social media can be done quickly)

#### Comms with Kit Commitee

- Trustee want a meeting late next week
- Trustee's meeting is probably to late to gie Kit Team enough time to take stock of kit
- Will offer to help out to make sure we can meet the deadline

#### Volunteer outreach

- We have a draft of email to recruit volunteers.
- Trustees have some ideas around 'Hubs'

#### Game Design meeting

- Early afternoon on saturday, to go through game submissions
- We have had 3 game suggestions so far these have been shared in Slack
- After meeting we'll have a further week to refine ideas
- Meeting will be to take exisiting ideas, come up with new ones

#### Venues

- Hope has shared spreadsheet of efforts so far
- Promising that there appear to be some venues in our budget
- Equally quite a few out of budget, would be great to get more money

## Action Points

### Specific

- Andy B: Contact Kit Team to give our ideal deadline of end of Septmeber and offer help ([#124](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/124))
- James: Email trustees about volunteer recruitment to ensure we're on the same page ([#125](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/125))
- Andy BS: Take a look at draft email to potential new volunteers ([#126](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/126))
- Andy BS: Upload minutes for meeting that we had in Southampton ([#127](https://github.com/srobo/competition-team-minutes/issues/127))
