## Outcome of meeting with kit team & Trustees:
- Trustees want us to fix a kickstart date
- Andy Busse joined a meeting with the kit team, Tom Wheal (from kit team) will give us an estimate on the number of teams we can support in terms of number of kits next week.
- We’ll be able to get the kits ready early October.
- Should we confirm the kits by the end of the month?
  - We shouldn’t confirm more than 30 teams (Peter).
  - We've had 28 apply so far

## What’s blocking kickstart?
- Kits (see above)
- Venue (Not blocking)
- Game (Not blocking)
- Microgames

We can announce without a game or microgames, so we can announce the 26th of October.

- We should lock down the date after we have Cambridge confirmed.
- *Action Point*: Jake will send the Kickstart announcement email.
- *Action Point*: Jake will also modify the announcement for Kickstart.

### Cambridge Kickstart venue:
- Jenny says it’s looking likely, email being sent over weekend.
- Venue rooms:
  - Lecture theatre.
  - Lobby area.
  - Computer lab with Desk space/floor space
- Cambridge Pi HQ is unavailable on the 26th, it is available on the 19th.

### Southampton venue:
- Need to confirm a room at the uni is available, we’re pretty sure it’ll be fine.
- Hope is looking at non-uni venues. (We’re not sure why?)
- *Action Point*: Jake to poke Hope.

### Northern Kickstart:
- useful for 2-ish teams?
- We might be constrained on volunteer count? If so we can move Peter (and therefore the London kickstart) to the North. (The logic being London is easy to access Cambridge/Southampton)
- We haven’t emailed the teacher that emailed us yet.
- *Action Point*: Andy BS to send email to the northern teacher.

## Microgames
- James will own the microgames.
- We have a list of previous microgames. In general it’s permitted to copy from previous microgames
- We should get rid of the ultrasound thing
- *Action Point* James to make an early microgames doc


## Budget
- We need to create one
- *Action Point*: Andy BS to create a budget, post into #budget (private chanel)
- *Action Point*: Andy BS to kick people out of #budget


## AOB:
- Rules meeting this weekend?
  - Blocked on Alistair.
  - We have 2 rulebooks which need refining.
  - They’ll be done by Tomorrow’s meeting (Thalistair)
  - They’ll be discussed on Saturday (Tomorrow)
  - We’ll present the principles and then decide which of the two best meet the criteria.
- Hosting a ‘Doing’ weekend soon?
  - Date: 28th September
  - Throw date into volunteer email.
  - Things to do:
    - Run through microgames
    - Identify a list of newbie tasks
    - Make a game presentation
    - Maybe Kit things?
      - *Action Point* Jake to ask kit team.

## People in Southampton:
- SRO is interested in helping us out.
- We could loan them kit for an activity day (where volunteers have their own mini-competition). Need to speak to the kit team
- *Action point* Jake to contact kit team about this.
- Should we do such a thing in Cambridge?
  - Maybe, not sure how many are interested. We should wait until post-kickstart
