# Competition Team Meeting 2019-11-01

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- Peter Law
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith

## Minutes

### Kickstart

- mini retro:
  - not sure the livesteam worked
  - prepare the presentation further in advance
  - would it make more sense for this to be recorded and shared later (rather than a livestream)
  - the explanation of SR was useful, but perhaps should be its own video on our Youtube/website?
  - publish the microgames (etc.) materials early in the day, so teams can access them online (edited)

### Kit Shipment

- Still have some kits which require shipping
- Rob has kindly agreed to do _something_ around the kit shipment logistics
  - Jake to work out what this is
- Very few teams have sent disclaimer forms, fewer still have confirmed addresses
- Jake to draft an email to prompt teams

### Venue

- We have a potential other venue which may work, but needs chasing
  - The potential venue may also come with volunteers which can help at SR in general, if fostered correctly
- Southampton should be considered a fallback, rather than a primary
- We should ask teams about dates around April and which work for them

### Recurring tasks

- We need to stamp out the recurring tasks for the competition
  - Tasks from last year need reviewing and adding to the repo
- This gives us the tasks to be working on next
  - Mostly blocked by venue confirmation

## Action Points

### General

- Review last years competition tasks, update recurring tasks (via issue or PR)

### Specific

- Jake: Contact Rob regarding shipping
- Andy BS: help organise the courier for the kits (if help is needed)
- Jake: Email team leaders to prompt them to send Kit Disclaimers
- Jake: Confirm we emailed the trustees about kickstart data
- Jake: Reach out to Dianne about a Cambridge Tech Day
- Antoine: Reach out to Hope and find out about an IBM Tech Day
- James: coordinate with Jake to understand our contacts at potential venue and book a tech day there
