# Competition Team Meeting 2020-07-15

## Attendees:

- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Antoine Petty
- Peter Law
- James Seden-Smith

## Topics

### Prizes

- How are we allocating them?
	- Most should be simple
- Edible prizes may be problematic
	- Need to know competitor addresses?
	- Approx £10 per team - may not be much after shipping
	- Should contact team leaders after they’ve won to ask if they plan to meet with the team later in the year, then we can send them something for that
- Physical trophies
	- Need to know in advance the supplier etc so it’s ready to engrave and ship basically on the day
	- Would be good to ship directly from the supplier to teams
- Team image award
	- Could award based on a robot texture? (e.g. allow editing of flag texture?)
	- Decided to remove this award as it’s not really relevant for the virtual comp.

### Volunteers for virtual competition

We should message those who signed up for the virtual competition on Slack to invite them to Friday's briefing.

### Social media content from teams

Should ask for permission to use them from each team.

### Fixing simulator bugs

Physics issues could be fixed by decreasing the physics timestep.


## Actions

 * ABS: Find supplier for trophies and have a plan ready-to-go for which trophies to use
 * AP: Message volunteers on Slack who signed up for the virtual competition
 * AP: Contact teams to gain copyright permission for their social media content
