# Competition Team Meeting 2020-01-08

## Attendees

### Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law (minutes)

### Apologies

- James Seden Smith

## Topics

### Kit Shipping

 * In progress with Rob
 * No input needed
 * Currently 7 teams don’t have kits
 * Of those: 3 are blocked on disclaimer forms, 4 are with Rob

### Mentoring

 * Andy will get started on this immediately. This weekend. Honest. For real this time.

### Venue

 * Paying the deposit is happening
 * Next steps are:
   * Get Scarzy on site to review Health & Safety stuff
     * Jake will coordinate with Scarzy
   * Create the layout plans for the venue
     * Jake will follow up on getting digital copies of the building plans

### Budget

 * We now have a concrete number for the hotel costs

### Hotels

 * Turns out that the on-campus hotel only has single rooms, which works out much more expensive than we expected
 * Premier Inn Reading Central however seems like a good alternative. Costs are much cheaper than expected.
   * It’s fairly close to the venue and the station
   * 11 minutes walking to the station
   * 20 minutes by bus to the venue, we can pre-buy group tickets for the busses
   * Andy has booked some twin rooms (4, 5, 15, 10 for Thursday - Sunday respectively); we can cancel for no cost up to 28 days before the event
   * We should aim to confirm volunteer numbers by 2020-03-18 (Wednesday a month before the competition) in order to confirm booking

### Silent Teams

 * We heard from one of the teams
 * The email wasn’t sent. Let’s fix that this evening in the Doing.

### Tech Days

 * London: no update (still happening)
 * Southampton: still haven’t heard from SRO. Let’s ask Tom W directly if he can host.
   * Antoine to contact Tom W
     * Aim for the 8th February (preferably) or the 1st Feb as a fallback
     * Following that, aim for the 7th March
 * Cambridge:
   * Still nothing from Dianne
   * No update on the Uni

### Tasks

 * Peter to import tasks from the recurring tasks repo
 * Aim to pick up long lead-time things soon
 * Would be good to compare the recurring tasks with last year’s actual tasks
 * Would be good to add lead time metadata to tasks

### Recruiting volunteers (for the competition)

 * We have a form up already for competition volunteers
 * Topics for the next email:
   * (progress update)
   * Tech days (hopefully Southampton confirmed by then)
   * Hotel deadline for the competition
   * Call to action on competition preparation tasks
 * What will helpdesk volunteer allocation and kit recovery look like now that the Kit Team exists?
   * Jake to ask the Kit Team, we expect this would be useful to have a call with them about

## Action Points

### Specific

- Jake: coordinate a venue visit with Scarzy
- Jake: follow up with Reading on getting digital copies of the building plans
- Antoine: contact Tom W regarding booking some Southampton Tech Days
- Peter: import tasks from the recurring tasks repo
- Jake: ask the Kit Team for a call to discuss plans for assigning volunteers for helpdesk and kit retrieval
