# Competition Team Meeting 2020-03-25

## Attendees

### Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Jenny Fletcher
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Review of conditions under which we’d cancel

 * Some other organisations are cancelling events in June/July/August
 * It’s looking like schools could well still be closed in May, which means that
   they wouldn’t actually have much time to work on the robots even if we did
   run in June
 * What can we offer teams so that_something_ runs, even if not in person?
 * Most likely if schools are still closed after Easter? mid May? then we should consider cancelling
 * Obviously we don’t want to keep delaying as that would then start to impact
   things for next year’s cohort, however what the school years are going to
   look like next year is also unknown -- are schools going to bring summer
   forwards? Will the new term still start at the same time?
 * We should definitely update what we have on the website
 * Do we leave the kits with the teams over the summer if we do cancel?
   * Probably not:
     * Much greater chance of losing parts or whole kits
     * We’d want to reset everyone at Kickstart anyway, so that Rookies have the same starting point as other teams
   * Defer this to the Kit Team

### Virtual competition

 * What can we do with the simulator?
 * Do we have the capacity to turn the simulator into something which can provide an exciting competition?
 * Would want the game to be the same as the current game, to avoid needing to write new rules
 * Would want teams to be able to re-use as much of what they’ve built so far (even if only the software)
 * Do we need to better enable the IDE to support collaborative working?
   * (i.e: collaborative editing like Google Docs)
   * This would be a Kit Team thing if so

## Action Points

### General

 * After the meeting with the Trustees & Kit Team we should update website
   * We’re considering a virtual competition (late April)
   * Provisional date
   * We’ll re-evaluate mid-May


### Specific

 * Andy B: organise meeting with Kit Team & Trustees about a virtual competition (done)
 * Jake: update the venue with where we’re at (done)
